You want to know why
those trains collided?
The people wish to know.
The girl is Reid's daughter.
The Leman Street
locomotive tragedy,
55 souls killed.
The sea-can they cleaned out,
it carried bearer bonds,
American dollars.
And you think, what,
Susan was involved in this?
There are some folk claim
to have seen Inspector Reid
bloody like a butcher.
Give me the truth of it.
I have already done so.
We do right by the girl,
but she must remain dead
to her father.
Rose.
I've seen her, the girl.
What do you...?
Hold up!
Alice!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
And do it...
Is he sleeping?
-Yeah.
-You sure?
Come on, light it... light it.
Clear off!
Do you see him?
Thought the roof had fallen in.
Did you smell him?
Like one of them crackers
when up him, and his arse shredded.
What?!
Who is it you speak of boy?
Mr. Reid, sir.
What brings you
here, Inspector Drake?
Only a memory.
Of a weekend you
once spoke of, here.
You told me of your
steamer along the Thames,
bound for Margate.
Your wife.
Your Mathilda.
Her first oyster,
-taken from a cultch here.
-Bennet!
Bennet, I cannot, if you
have cuffs in your jacket,
if you have men waiting beyond,
you have a judge
for my arraignment.
You will not say her name again.
No judges, Mr. Reid.
No witnesses were there.
And who is there to
complain on behalf of that man?
Then what? What, why, why...?
Why do you not leave
me here? In peace.
Because I must say it, Mr. Reid.
Her name, that is.
Your Mathilda.
It is why I come.
She has been seen.
Your girl lives, Mr. Reid.
Someone saw her?
Let us get you home, sir.
marythecrazy & PetaG addic7ed
55...
65...
75,000.
The first of five
such exchanges.
It is your guile which
now allows us the peace
to see our bonds
transacted into cash.
But your strategy, Mr. Capshaw.
You disown the credit?
I'm happy to assume it.
Credit?
You imagine me performing
private pirouettes of glee
at all this, do you?
She was my ward, my charge.
She's now disappeared,
I know not where,
in those streets,
and you expect me to
find a feather for your cap?!
Tell me something.
If it is in my gift to do so,
I shall tell it.
I kept you on after the...
Loss of Duggan
because, well, there is one
with his affairs, of course...
but in truth...
I had an instinct
about what you were, as a man...
Or, rather, what you lacked.
Do not mistake me.
It is a quality I
would have all men lack.
It seemed to me you
were happy as you were.
You had no need
to make the world
stand up and applaud
your very existence.
Was I wrong to judge you so?
No.
Not then. But we all
evolve, Miss Susan, do we not?
Adapt to the world
we find ourselves in,
much like this borough
you would shape
to a higher ideal.
I, too, perhaps,
feel myself advance
and, from there,
see further.
Your mistress, girl!
She is to bring herself out,
or I shall pull her
forth by her ears!
Perhaps I am not, after all,
as skilled as you would believe.
What are we to do?
Mathilda!
Lock this cash with
the remaining bonds.
Mathilda!
Then leave.
Mathilda Reid!
Mathilda!
In there! Mathilda!
You are sure, Bennet?
I'm sure she said it, and she would not
say it, if she were not sure of it herself.
I see your search
is exhausted, then.
What is this, Inspector?
That is, indeed,
if you're still to
be given that title.
My understanding,
Inspector Drake,
is that this man has a case to answer at
Leman Street for the murder of a suspect
and therefore has no
business stampeding through my house.
You know why it is
I am here, woman.
Now, where is she?
Who, Mr. Reid?
Damn you.
My daughter!
My daughter, that you had
me believe was dead!
Your daughter is dead, sir.
You may kill me,
but it remains the case.
She was seen.
By who?
Whose eyes deceive themselves?
The girl was seen, Miss Susan!
Captain, please, come.
Your lies.
Your eternal lies.
I felt her captor's skull
come apart in my hands,
as you intended.
Reid.
You let her go.
Can't you look at me?
Look at me.
And now you tell
me where is she hid.
She dies, you die.
Now you let her go.
Could be she's gone, sir,
now that her purpose is served.
Whichever way, she
needs you hunting her.
You are watched, bitch.
Charity,
you go mix elderflower water,
two drops of laudanum
within, you got it?
What is this, his daughter?
Does he think her...?
His girl is dead.
Well, he seems to
believe otherwise, Susan.
The last the world
knows of the man,
he kills another
with his own fists.
He has become
deranged, as you have witnessed.
And Drake, he lost
his wits, also?
I do not know and, currently,
I do not care.
I'm half-killed
in my own house,
and, now, must suffer your
interrogation, also?
I wish to know
what's happened here.
Nothing, other than that which I have
previously described, husband.
You wish for another story,
seek another teller.
They have moved her.
Or she has run, Mr. Reid.
And is out here,
somewhere, alone.
Drake!
You find him and bring him here?
Why, Reid, why would
you torment yourself?
She was seen, Jackson.
Rose saw her, a girl hidden,
in there, with red hair.
It is natural, I know, for a man
to want to protect his wife,
but you cannot
protect her from me!
That place, her place,
Obsidian, all
that lies hidden...
Reid, enough.
Now, it's understandable,
of course it is,
but your mind is scrambled.
It's not your own.
Mister, of what my
addled wits see that you and she
are not as estranged as
the world might believe,
that you are still
her creature, Captain.
Drake, come on, stop him.
I have given it thought.
I've asked myself how it is
that the thieves
who went to the rope
for the murder of the 55 did so
without that I could lay my
hands on their paymaster,
he who might then
only be described
but by one other man,
a man named Cree, Captain.
You met him, in my cells,
and yet, then,
he is found with his throat cut,
unable to describe
that face to me further.
A face I believe, now,
may be found in your
mutton wife's halls.
Yes, Captain, Mr. Capshaw.
And she, knowing full well
the part he has played,
once more calls for you,
her still-favourite dupe,
to stroke and tug
our secrets free.
Reid!
Edmund Reid!
That's quick work,
Chief Inspector.
Your face is known in
these parts, Edmund.
You raise hell,
word will travel.
There is hell to
be raised, Fred,
and I am to raise it.
My girl is here.
Somewhere. My Mathilda.
Taken from me and then lost
again here, in these streets.
Please,
you are not yourself.
Come in, no cuffs.
We shall talk, you and I,
find the truth of it together.
But you come in.
You can have me, Mr. Abberline,
my word on it, only,
you must let me be for now.
You must let me search.
I will come to you later.
No, Mr. Reid.
You shall come now.
Sure to come to an
ugly end, she said.
An ugly end.
The Frying Pan.
Oi.
Hubba, with me.
He lived from the river,
whatever he could find and sell
from that shop of his.
He must have discovered her
on that shore, unconscious, lost,
removed her to his
wife, his barren wife!
And the woman, Hart,
found her, lied to me!
Lied to me!
Gave me to believe...
Gave me to believe
the trauma of her discovery,
Mathilda did not survive it.
Thus,
the man, Buckley,
taken by you to...
Taken back to that place,
the place where she was...
kept,
and, there, ended.
And all he might speak of
ended with him.
Your daughter, used against you,
yet alive,
broken free from
whatever gilded fetter
Susan Hart had her bound by.
She now walks free in those
streets out there.
This is your belief.
Yes.
All men,
all uniforms, whatever
their arse sit on,
they will be sat
on it no longer.
Thank you. Thank you.
Have a man put on the door
of Buckley's Curiosity Shop.
It is the only home she knows.
No, Edmund.
It is in hand. She is out there.
She will be found,
but you will stay put.
Fred, it is Whitechapel.
I have not had call
to put irons on a
man in three years.
Do not think I forget how.
Here, sir.
Thank you. God bless you.
Cheers.
How now, Harry?
Victor, one baker if you please.
Dollop of butter also.
Erm, much obliged.
"Sure to come to an ugly end,"
said Mrs. Store, "an ugly end."
Hello, beauty.
Look at you,
that pretty dress all mucked.
Sooty angel,
that's what you are.
You hungry, beauty?
'Ere.
A tater, if you wants it,
bought and buttered.
Hungry indeed.
What's your name, then?
I'm not Alice.
Not-Alice?
Then what are ya?
Well, not-Alice,
I am Harry,
and I am charmed to
make your acquaintance.
You eat your tater, beauty.
Wait there one
sec for old Harry.
She's a right one?
Pretty as a picture,
mad as a flag.
That one is sixteen, certainly.
A bit of comelies.
Have the word spread.
Tell 'em Harry Ward
has a new popsy.
Look at that, not-Alice.
Hungry girl, aren't ya?
"See what a jolly
bonnet I've got now."
Jolly, indeed.
Where to now, not-Alice?
Osborn.
Osborn Street?
Do you know the way?
No,
Well, Harry has nowt better
to do currently.
Morning to you, Dr. Frayn.
Morning, Captain Jackson.
This is Mendeleev's
classification, correct?
It is.
You a chemist,
alongside your doctorate?
All doctoring is
chemistry, of one form or another.
Yeah, all life is
chemistry, in one form or another.
Captain, did you come here
solely to pronounce
on the self-evident,
or is there another
purpose to your visit?
It was Aristotle
that said it first,
right?
That the elements from which
everything consists
must necessarily be limited.
Limited to four, he said.
Earth, water, air, fire.
Which are you, Dr. Frayn?
There are other element discovered
beyond Ancient Greece, Captain.
But all those discoveries were
made with the same motive.
Hennig Brand
pisses in the retort, boils it back to
a solid slurry, calls it phosphorous.
Why?
Because he wanted to know
what was fundamental in the thing.
They make one of
these for a person yet?
Your benefactor, Miss
Hart, for example...
You distil her,
what do you find?
Much of my life
would be impossible,
were it not for her
commitment and support.
In her heart, fundamentally Dr.
Frayn, you say she is good?
I do.
You see, now I always
would have agreed with you...
I mean, she cuts her cloth
with the world the way we all must...
but, I trusted her
always, when pushed...
to fall the right way.
You would hope that those
that love you, would say the same.
I would.
But these elements,
they're not stable are they. You apply
heat, you apply pressure, they shift.
Do they not? They
shift and on occasion...
become toxic.
If I require a lecture, on
the production of gases, Captain...
-there are many more qualified to give it
-You see,
what I'm trying
to understand is the chemistry
of how two such
fundamentally good women
as yourself and my admittedly
estranged wife
can stand there
and you tell a man
that his daughter is
dead when she is not.
Now you see, here's the thing...
I wasn't certain of it. Could not
believe it over, not until this moment.
Miss.
Take a look.
Something caught
your eye, has it?
Thank you, sir.
No!
All right, not-Alice.
Steady.
Happy now?
No?
Well, then,
it is time we found a means
for you to repay my...
Generosity.
Little Paternoster and Hanbury.
Hanbury Street?
What are the chances?
That's just where we
are headed, beauty.
You follow me.
They is only streets
beauty, so why the fascination?
What is it you
search for, not-Alice?
My daddy.
Your pops, is it?
Well,
you come with me,
we shall have a
measure or two of gin.
and I shall show you him.
Mr. Reid!
This man, collected on
Thrawl Street just now.
Tell the Inspectors
what you told our men.
It was the dress, sir, white.
And red of hair, correct?
Close on 15 years of age?
And you offered
her your assistance?
I did not, sir.
She was already assisted.
By someone known to you.
His name is Ward, sir.
'Arry Ward.
And how is it he
is known to you?
I station meself
besides The Frying Pan, sir.
A drinker on Thrawl
and Brick Lane.
Indeed, he is well-known.
You tell me...
How so is he known?
He procures
and he sells.
We must find him, this Ward.
Those that pimp the young.
Ward, Harry.
Where does he take them?
Cooley's.
It's that rookery, Mr. Reid.
There's no uniform
stepped inside for 10 years.
We are not in uniform, Bennet.
No, Mr. Reid.
No!
Inspector Drake!
I brought you here so
this man could be corralled,
not spun into ever-greater
acts of lunacy!
I'm sorry your faith in me
is not better rewarded,
Chief Inspector.
Edmund,
think on what you do.
For once, Fred, there
is no need to think,
only to act.
My friend and I go
to fetch my daughter
Now.
We are leaving.
Do not fear, beauty,
this is Harry's land.
No harm shall come to
you, in Harry's land.
Afternoon, Agatha.
Harry.
Special 7, if you please.
Here we are, not-Alice.
Up the stairs, now.
Come on, Alice.
I have to take
you to your daddy.
You, Ward.
Been here nigh on an hour.
No complaints, now, are there?
You know the dance.
'Ere's wisdom.
Two ways this thing now goes.
You scream,
you get a clout.
You keep yourself peaceful
and it passes quick-like.
My daddy?
I'm your daddy now, beauty.
And I believe I
shall take mine first.
Harry Ward! Which room?!
7!
Where is she?! Where is she?!
The roof, sir!
You, stay there.
Go to her, Drake, get her!
Go on! Do not lose
her! Do not lose her!
Mathilda!
You.
You are Harry Ward.
You are with me.
Get out!
Mathilda!
Mathilda Reid!
Stop, child.
Please.
Please, stay where you are.
Who are you?
Uncle Ben.
Who bought you strawberry ices
on Petticoat Lane each Sunday.
A... and your gloves
would get all sticky with 'em
and your mother would have words
with me for allowing such.
Each weekend,
we would do the same, Mathilda,
you and I.
"Strawberry ices with Uncle Ben"
was what you would say.
And my daddy?
He is my friend.
Inspector Edmund Reid,
your father, my friend.
Inspector Reid.
Mathilda.
No, please, wait!
Mathilda!
She flees, sir!
She got away from me, Mr. Reid.
But...
was it her, Bennet?
I am sure of it, sir.
Mr. Ward!
That face of yours needs a wash.
Fear not Inspector I
will not kill him. Not yet.
Now, you will
tell me everything!
No matter how small the detail,
it will be important to me.
Do you understand?!
Everything she said,
everything she did,
where she came from,
where she was going.
Yes, sir.
Then begin.
You found her outside
The Frying Pan.
Yes, sir.
And then?
Then I took her to where she
wanted to go, didn't I?
Where, boy?
Osborn.
And then?
S-Spitalfields
Market, B-Brushfield Street,
Little Paternoster Row, Hanbury.
What was it she used to cut you?
There was a shard of mirror
up there on the bed.
Yes, that.
Where was it found?
H-had it with her, sir.
Er, kept it in her purse.
About her neck, sir,
a white scarf with
a red border, tied.
-Knotted at the front?
-Indeed.
Bought that for her, I did.
And what else? What else?
Her words.
Her words! What
did she speak of?
N-nothing of no
sense, Mr. Reid.
Nonetheless, her words!
She spoke of a bonnet, but there
was no bonnet on her to speak of.
Precise words!
"Perhaps, see this... ", no.
"See what a jolly
bonnet I've got now."
Y-yes, but...
If... if you know
already, why do you ask?
How is that possible?
Does she follow them, Mr. Reid?
Polly and Annie,
The Ripper's first victims.
Their last wanderings,
Polly Nichols
and Annie Chapman,
the final hours
before they fell
beneath his knife.
The streets they
walked, what they wore,
what they carried.
Where The Ripper did his work,
my daughter now follows.
We have done what we
can to forget these names,
but his killings must
be remembered now, so.
Ward picks her up outside The
Frying Pan public house.
Friday the 31st of August,
12:30 am,
Polly Nichols is seen
leaving The Frying Pan
at the corner of Brick
Lane and Thrawl Street.
She returned to
the lodging house
at 18 Thrawl Street,
where the deputy tells
her to leave the kitchen
of the lodging house because she
has not produced her doss money.
"Never mind," she
said, "I shall soon have it.
See what a jolly bonnet
I've got now."
Osborn, next, so Ward says.
2:30 am, er, Emily
Holland meets Polly
outside the grocer's on Whitechapel
Road and Osborn Street.
Polly tells her she
has earned her doss money
three times over and
drunk it all away.
3:40 or 3:45 am,
Polly Nichols'
body is discovered
at Buck's Row by Charles Cross.
A coal man on his way to work
at Pickford's, on the City Road.
Ward does not take
Mathilda there, however.
Spitalfields, Brushfield Street,
Little Paternoster Row, Hanbury.
She follows Polly
and then, she follows Annie.
Saturday, September the 8th,
1:35 am,
Annie Chapman is seen leaving
Crossingham's Lodging House
and entering into
Little Paternoster Row
in the direction of
Brushfield Street.
5:30 am, Elizabeth
Long sees Annie with a man
hard against the
shutters of 29 Hanbury Street.
Long hears the man ask
"Will you?",
and hears Annie reply "Yes."
Long is certain of the
time, as she had heard the clock
on the Black Eagle Brewery struck the
half hour as she turned into the street.
Man has his back
towards the witness,
who therefore can
not describe his face.
Edmund,
how does your Mathilda
know these things,
the fine details
of The Ripper case?
The shard of glass
that Polly Nichols
had in her purse,
the red and white neckerchief
that Annie Chapman
had tied around her neck?
These are...
not even those
hounds at The Star
have such knowledge.
Pardon me.
The American
surgeon called, sir.
Wishes to speak with Mr. Reid.
He has a woman with him.
Pronounces it of
current urgency.
The world that had
been constructed for Alice.
Mathilda.
Her name is Mathilda.
It was a world of fantasy, sir,
of fairy tales made real,
where she was
protected by her parents
from the violent
and terrible forces.
"Forces"?
You mean the boat,
her near-drowning,
the the flames, the
water, the death?
That certain trauma
was helpful to them
in the immediate sense, yes.
But there were horrors,
which preceded that moment,
that were born when you
still had her, Mr. Reid.
What?
What? God damn you,
woman, speak! What?!
I spoke with Mathilda
at great length,
attempted to peel
back the fiction
she had come to live,
to see what she lived before.
I returned her to
where her trauma began.
What did you find?
There are stories she tells
the women, dead women,
she could not provide
any greater detail, but
that is what she disinterred
from her memory.
Two dead woman.
their bodies brutally put apart.
It is this
which persuaded me
that the wicked king
she had made of her
father might, indeed,
be as wicked as she imagined.
Which women?
They did not have
names, only stories.
And pictures.
She drew them.
These these stories
you speak of...
what other elements, besides these
pictures, I mean... were there...?
streets...? The
streets of Whitechapel.
That's right.
And belongings, personal belongings? A
scarf, a shard of glass used as a mirror?
Perhaps, I think so.
Sergeant Artherton.
Mr. Reid.
Captain Jackson and
Dr. Frayn are leaving.
-No, Reid, wait.
-I've heard enough.
Mr. Reid, please.
I did not treat Mathilda
without becoming fond of her.
What she saw there,
in her personal history,
was it real?
In one way, yes.
Now, get out.
Both of you.
Sergeant Artherton, my archive,
the Northwest Corner,
there is a long, steel
case propped there,
rusted, I'm sure.
Would you be so kind
as to fetch it to me?
Yes, sir.
When...
people are lost to us, it is perhaps
true that we remember them as we
wish them to have
been, not as they were.
The daughter of mine, who when
into the water that day.
For many weeks
she had not smiled, nor taken my hand,
without that I had taken hers first.
on the boat, before the collision,
she would not even allow that.
She kept ripping herself free.
There is weeks,
the first weeks,
the knowledge that the
killer had begun and would go on...
This here, this
station house, I barely left.
And when I did leave, the station
house came home with me.
Unbeknown to me, she
must have found it,
the map I made of his
works and his victims.
Found it
and, somehow compelled
by the horror,
studied it.
And returns to it now.
These atrocities are
all that she now remembers
of our life together.
Edmund, she cannot
follow them all, however.
Indeed, indeed.
The Pride of Wapping, my daughter and
I aboard, sank the 15th September.
Mathilda, thereafter, in
the care of the Buckleys.
And Miss Stride,
Catherine Eddowes,
Mary Jane Kelly, did
not exist for her.
Sergeant, these to be burnt.
Donald.
Men stationed at
all these addresses.
Captain Jackson.
Feet on my desk,
drinking my whiskey.
This is not the
station house on Leman Street,
nor am I Edmund Reid.
Yeah, his is hooch.
Yours is decent.
None of which surprises me.
What is it you want, Captain?
When last we parleyed,
you were far from receptive.
That fella I saw you with
the day the train...
Died with his head in your lap.
What of him?
You loved him.
And it's for his sake that you
mount the investigation you
informed me of, last we met.
Susan Hart,
her father, these
bearer bonds you speak of, you
understand why it
is a difficult thing
for me to hear you say that?
I do.
You love her.
Would something
that approached proof
be of interest?
Since I brought
that telegram to you,
I have dug deeper
into its details.
Theodore Patrick Swift
moves his money
on a regular basis
through Whitechapel,
de facto fiefdom, you might say,
of his estranged
daughter, your beloved Miss Susan,
and that money is stolen.
And I told you that conjecture
ain't worth a pot of piss to me.
Nor to me.
Her man Capshaw,
he's a curious one,
would you not agree?
Such still waters.
I have never met
the man, myself.
Well, perhaps it is time
you made the effort.
The City of London,
it squirms with
agents of all kind.
An unregulated
pasture of opportunity,
should you have a burgled bag of
anonymous securities
to see exchanged
into ready cash.
I followed Mr.
Capshaw this morning
as he visited just
one such an agent.
You see the signature, Captain.
Capshaw.
Captain.
Mine.
The word is out, Mr. Reid.
She cannot step foot on
one of those streets
without our men
there to greet her
and see her back to you.
You do not insist
on joining them?
No Fred.
After all I...
If, in her mind I
am somehow become
monstrous, no.
I cannot risk that
she will run from me.
Whatever now happens, I am...
I am finished with this life.
And so now I ask only
one more request of you both.
She knew you.
Mathilda knew you, so, please,
be out there yourselves,
search for her yourselves,
be there to reassure her,
should she be found.
Thank you.
What is it you thought
to find here, Mathilda?
Mr. Artherton.
Inspector.
I'm leaving here, Sergeant.
Will you stop me?
Well, that depends,
sir, on where it is you go.
To fetch my girl.
There are men already
about her purpose,
as you know.
This is where she will be
brung, so it's best you wait here.
But they will not find
her where they look.
Mr. Reid!
Do you trust me?
I always have.
Then you turn about,
drink your coffee.
Hello.
There was a bird
caught in here once.
There was.
You trapped it.
I did.
And then, you set it free.
I remember.
And... can you say your name?
I am
Mathilda.
You are
Do you know how I found you?
You remember the map, don't you?
The women.
Yes.
The dead women.
You were following them.
And then you stopped.
The map, you put
pins in the map.
Where I thought
they would be safe.
Here.
You put pins in here.
They would be safe here.
And why would they be safe?
Wh...
Why would they be
safe here, Mathilda?
Because my daddy
would protect them.
And who am I, Mathilda?
You are my daddy.
Yep.
Sit down.
The last time you
brought me here,
there was a diamond
in your coat pocket.
Yeah, things were,
er, different then?
I'd hoped to bring
you back to me.
Whereas, now?
Perhaps I'm glad I failed.
I did not agree to
this because your carping
was a sound for which I yearned.
You're gonna sit and
you're gonna listen.
You've been usin' me.
Indeed?
And what possible use
could I have for you?
The day that
locomotive came down,
the first occasion
I have to step foot
in that station house
in almost three years,
and I find you on my doorstep,
with your cooing entreaties,
and I speak to you in good faith
and I tell you what
you need to hear
and, lo,
Reid misses his man.
Excuse me.
Five men went to the scaffold,
did they not?
But not the man.
Not your man,
Miss Hart.
If you are going
to make accusation
I suggest you do so clearly.
Bearer bonds.
Dollars, darlin',
our native currency,
and stolen from your father.
But what I have
yet to conclude...
was it your Mr. Capshaw
that fixed the job
or was it you, Susan?
Is that why you told Reid
his girl was dead
when she was not?
The girl.
Reid's girl.
The lies.
What you put inside
that man's head.
A man that you have known in fellowship,
and you lace him with such torment.
I want to know if I can see it,
see the evil that has
come to roost in you,
Caitlin Swift,
the woman that I once made mine.
And can you?
Can you see it?
I see what I've always seen.
What is that?
I see the face of
the woman that I love.
Does it feel like
flesh, Matthew?
Because, to me,
it does no longer.
This world,
the world where I carve
a place for myself,
the world of men,
it would turn on me,
tear my flesh from my bones,
and feed me to the crows and so,
each step I've taken,
I've hardened myself.
Each step, every day,
the creep of it unrelenting,
until, one morning, I
touch myself and wonder
if I am not, after
all, become stone.
I have not known
another, not since.
Will we be together?
We will, my darling.
Where, here?
No. No, not here.
Not... not
Whitechapel, not London.
Then where, Daddy?
Do you remember the seaside?
We stayed in a house
by the sea once.
Well, it... it's very pretty
and there are birds
and a sandy beach.
And it's very quiet, Mathilda.
And the sun shines,
and you may...
you may like be needed with your shoes
and socks off. And your feet in the water.
It is not like the river?
No, no.
No, the river here
is a dead thing
and the sea is life.
We shall go there.
When?
Now, this morning.
We shall get you
washed and cleaned
and then, we shall
find a dress for you.
And we'll pack a small bag,
and then we shall go.
A little big, perhaps,
but it'll serve
until we find you
some new clothes.
I shall leave you
whilst you change.
Please.
Where is my mother?
She...
Your Mamma is no longer with us.
My darling girl
a day shall come when
we shall talk and talk
and I shall tell you
of everything that missed the ***
in the year since... since we lost you.
But for now, know
only this... your Mamma
loved you in every thought, in every
breath, in every beat of her heart.
She never passed a moment of her life
without thinking on you, in that love.
Now... change.
Reid.
Open up. I have
something for ya.
Reid, it's me. Open
up. I know you're in there.
Morning, Inspector.
Fear not, I've got
one thing to give you,
and then I'm gone,
and no man ever the wiser.
This is everything you need.
It's Ronald Capshaw, named
in the transaction
of U.S. bearer bonds
to pounds sterling.
55 men, women, and children.
This is a warrant, Reid.
For what it's worth,
I don't believe
Susan a part of it.
Mathilda,
this is Captain
Jackson, an associate of mine.
Good morning, sir.
Good morning.
You're both leaving.
No, you know what?
Forget it.
You go.
No.
Show it to me.
It is, as you say,
all that is needed
for the 55 dead to
have their justice.
It is, but,
you might imagine
the world capable
of righting itself without ya.
To believe otherwise
is just another stripe
of selfishness.
And, yet, you bring this to me.
Because I know you, Reid.
What I say is change,
the permanent kind,
the change you seek,
you will never see it.
Just like...
The rising of
mountains, all of this...
You, me?
It's nothing.
It is nothing.
It is everything.
As you see fit.
Goodbye, Reid.
Goodbye, Captain.
Have bad people,
done bad things?
They had.
And you will catch
them and put them in prison?
Will you not, my Daddy?
Mr. Reid.
Councillor, Miss Cobden,
good morning.
My daughter, Mathilda.
You.
She has come back to me.
You are the only
soul I might trust
to sit with her,
for an hour only,
after which I shall return.
There is a wickedness
it is within my power
to see corrected.
Mr. Reid.
I am to show you in.
Capshaw, girl. Take me to him.
This way, sir.
Mr. Reid.
Do you come with more fantasies
of children rising
from their graves?
No, man. I come for you.
You are to accompany me
to Leman Street, now.
Indeed?
Am I arrested
or merely aiding the police
with their inquiries?
I cannot say,
but I am delivering you to them,
along with this.
Your name.
75,000,
in exchange for the
equivalent amount
in U.S. bearer bonds, a
portion of that stolen
from a London and
India goods train.
Your name, Mr. Capshaw,
writ above the murder of masses.
Whitechapel is to
be rid of you, sir.
Rid also of this place, this...
Obsidian.
You are with me,
Capshaw.
Rid of Obsidian, Mr. Reid?
It's not as easy as
all that, I'm afraid.
We are the stone
and we are the brick.
Needs must you demolish
the whole of Whitechapel, sir.
And so, Edmund Reid is ended.
You are a rare one, madam.
I'd begun to think you lacking
the wherewithal to
support your ambitions.
I need not have
disquieted myself, however.
It seems the required
equipment does lie
beneath those skirts
of yours, after all.
This man,
he was a...
He was a friend to me.
A friend betimes when he
had no call to be so.
He was a good man.
Good.
Have you ever
known what that is?
To be good.
You
you, who now dance
over him when it is I...
I... who have brought
him to his end.
You believe a woman
must become a man
to own such an act.
How little you
have learnt, Ronald.
Miss Susan, what are you...?
No.
Please. No.
You shot him, Mr. Reid,
in defence, once
he had shot you.
Forgive me.
Capshaw.
H-h...
Help me. Help me. Help me.
What has happened, Mr.
Reid? Who has done this?
I'm shot. I'm shot.
marythecrazy & PetaG addic7ed
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org